
What this site states, by policy area

Economy & Affordability
  B1  Economy, inflation, and jobs  (3 citation(s))
      0.98  "Immigrants expand our workforce, start businesses, fill critical jobs, pay taxes, and create demand throughout the economy. Cutting immigration while our population ages makes it harder for the economy to grow and can make worker shortag…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?
      0.95  "We need to stop adding costs to the economy. There a many ways for us to turn this around, but it all starts with HITTING THE BRAKES. After we remove Trump's puppet, Mario Díaz-Balart, we can start doing the obvious things: 1. End wars t…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?
      0.90  "Congress decides where your tax dollars go. Right now, Washington spends billions on enforcement and bureaucracy, while teachers are underpaid, classrooms are overcrowded, and families are told there’s “no money” for the basics. That’s n…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/corruption  — section: Follow the Money: It’s About Priorities

Education
  A6  Public school funding and teachers  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "Congress decides where your tax dollars go. Right now, Washington spends billions on enforcement and bureaucracy, while teachers are underpaid, classrooms are overcrowded, and families are told there’s “no money” for the basics. That’s n…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/corruption  — section: Follow the Money: It’s About Priorities

Healthcare
  B2  Healthcare access and costs  (2 citation(s))
      0.97  "Nicole supports the fastest responsible path to guaranteed care for every American: Medicare for All, a strong public option, Medicare buy-in, or any model that gets us to universal coverage."
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-healthcare  — section: Universal healthcare.
      0.97  "Nicole will fight for universal healthcare. Díaz-Balart has fought against the protections people already have."
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-healthcare  — section: Healthcare should be guaranteed.

Housing
  A2  Housing affordability  (1 citation(s))
      0.89  "We need to stop adding costs to the economy. There a many ways for us to turn this around, but it all starts with HITTING THE BRAKES. After we remove Trump's puppet, Mario Díaz-Balart, we can start doing the obvious things: 1. End wars t…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?

Environment & Water
  KYV2  Energy and utilities  (2 citation(s))
      0.87  "We need to stop adding costs to the economy. There a many ways for us to turn this around, but it all starts with HITTING THE BRAKES. After we remove Trump's puppet, Mario Díaz-Balart, we can start doing the obvious things: 1. End wars t…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?
      0.85  "policies that worsen human suffering without achieving change must be re-evaluated A smarter, more effective, and somewhat obvious approach would be target the regime, not the people! Focus sanctions on officials responsible for corrupti…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-cuba  — section: People over Politics

Immigration
  B3  Immigration and border enforcement  (2 citation(s))
      0.94  "Immigrants expand our workforce, start businesses, fill critical jobs, pay taxes, and create demand throughout the economy. Cutting immigration while our population ages makes it harder for the economy to grow and can make worker shortag…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?
      0.89  "We need to stop adding costs to the economy. There a many ways for us to turn this around, but it all starts with HITTING THE BRAKES. After we remove Trump's puppet, Mario Díaz-Balart, we can start doing the obvious things: 1. End wars t…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-affordability  — section: What do we do?

Public Safety & Crime
  B7  Crime policy, policing and courts  (1 citation(s))
      0.94  "That is not optional in America . Nicole Locklin believes: - Enforcement must be targeted toward genuine public safety - Due process must be protected, never bypassed - Conditions of detention must meet constitutional standards - Congres…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/corruption  — section: The CONSTITUTION PROTECTS THE PEOPLE

Elections & Voting
  KYV1  Threats to democratic institutions  (1 citation(s))
      0.90  "If elected, Nicole Locklin will work to: - Establish enforceable standards for knowingly false statements made by elected officials in an official capacity - Apply accountability to formal public communications, reports, and certificatio…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/corruption  — section: LIES AND INTENTIONAL MISINFORMATION

Retirement & Benefits
  B4  Social Security and Medicare  (4 citation(s))
      0.90  "I will also fight for a cost-of-living adjustment that reflects what seniors actually pay for, especially housing, health care, prescriptions, food, insurance, and utilities. In Congress, I will work to: • Protect every dollar of earned …"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-social-security  — section: Commitment to Seniors and caregivers
      0.89  "During my first year in Congress, I will: 1. Cosponsor the Credit for Caring Act 2. Support Social Security legislation that protects benefits and requires high-income Americans to contribute more 3. Oppose any increase in the retirement…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-social-security  — section: What I Will Do in My First Year
      0.88  "I will make clear commitments about the bills I will support, the cuts I will oppose, and the work I will do to build bipartisan support. Seniors deserve security, caregivers deserve support, and every American deserves to know that Soci…"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-social-security  — section: What I Will Do in My First Year
      0.86  "Social Security is not a handout. It is money Americans earned and paid into throughout their working lives. My first promise is that I will never vote to cut Social Security benefits, raise the retirement age, privatize the program, or …"
            https://locklinforcongress.com/issues-social-security  — section: Commitment to Seniors and caregivers

