
What this site states, by policy area

Economy & Affordability
  B1  Economy, inflation, and jobs  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "❖ Uphold beneficial programs that Americans have already paid for and are still paying for. In Washington, Ralph Groves will uphold Social Security and Medicare, and will call for reduction of Federal taxes to stimulate the economy. Such…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/my-mission  — section: Ralph Groves’ Main Positions

Education
  KYV9  School choice and vouchers  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "❖ Ralph Groves applauds the abolition of the Federal Department of Education. Each state, including Florida, should manage education without Federal Government regulations. In addition, a broad range of options should be available to par…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/my-mission  — section: Ralph Groves’ Main Positions

Environment & Water
  KYV5  Water supply and drinking water  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "As a Congressman, Ralph Groves will work with Florida State Legislators to ensure that Washington will assist Florida. For example, he will ensure that the Environmental Protection Agency provides Florida with more grants for safe drinki…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/meet-ralph-groves  — section: Meet Ralph Groves

Immigration
  B3  Immigration and border enforcement  (1 citation(s))
      0.97  "❖ Pro-legal immigration. Ralph Groves’ mother was an immigrant. He believes legal, regulated immigration boosts our economy and bolsters our population, which otherwise would be in decline. Contrariwise, illegal and unregulated migration…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/my-mission  — section: Ralph Groves’ Main Positions

Public Safety & Crime
  B7  Crime policy, policing and courts  (1 citation(s))
      0.91  "As a Congressman, Ralph Groves will work with Florida State Legislators to ensure that Washington will assist Florida. For example, he will ensure that the Environmental Protection Agency provides Florida with more grants for safe drinki…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/meet-ralph-groves  — section: Meet Ralph Groves

Retirement & Benefits
  B4  Social Security and Medicare  (1 citation(s))
      0.99  "❖ Uphold beneficial programs that Americans have already paid for and are still paying for. In Washington, Ralph Groves will uphold Social Security and Medicare, and will call for reduction of Federal taxes to stimulate the economy. Such…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/my-mission  — section: Ralph Groves’ Main Positions

Abortion Policy
  B5  Abortion policy  (1 citation(s))
      0.99  "❖ Pro-life. Ralph Groves believes in encouraging a culture of life to protect babies and eliminate human trafficking, especially sexual exploitation. A culture of life should encourage women to keep and nurture their babies with help fro…"
            https://www.grovesforcongress.com/my-mission  — section: Ralph Groves’ Main Positions

