
What this site states, by policy area

Economy & Affordability
  B1  Economy, inflation, and jobs  (2 citation(s))
      0.99  "Joe Biden’s economy crushed working families. Out-of control inflation, higher taxes, and reckless spending put the American Dream out of reach for millions of Americans. Under President Trump’s leadership, Mike helped pass historic tax …"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: STRONG ECONOMY
      0.98  "Stopping Illegal Immigration Addressing the catastrophic crisis at our southern border and securing our nation’s borders. Fixing Our Economy Making the American economy work for our families once again. Out-of-control inflation, higher t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision

Healthcare
  B2  Healthcare access and costs  (1 citation(s))
      0.97  "Under Obamacare, prices have been spiraling out of control, and free-market competitive pricing has been reduced; keeping healthcare more expensive. Mike will always support measures that provide patient centered care and competition in …"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: HEALTHCARE

Housing
  A2  Housing affordability  (1 citation(s))
      0.97  "In Congress, he focuses his efforts on supporting our space industry, improving the water quality of our Indian River Lagoon, fighting to protect election integrity, banning insider trading in Congress, and expanding access to affordable…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: About Mike Haridopolos

Immigration
  B3  Immigration and border enforcement  (4 citation(s))
      0.99  "Stopping Illegal Immigration Addressing the catastrophic crisis at our southern border and securing our nation’s borders. Fixing Our Economy Making the American economy work for our families once again. Out-of-control inflation, higher t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision
      0.98  "Mike is a strong supporter of President Trump’s immigration measures to secure the southern border and remove dangerous illegal aliens. The Biden Border Crisis allowed record numbers of illegal immigrants and deadly drugs to pour across …"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
      0.98  "Mike led the fight to defeat a measure in the Florida legislature to allow illegals to obtain a driver’s license. Mike fully stands by President Trump’s immigration agenda and America is once again a nation of laws and secure borders."
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
      0.94  "Understanding the key issues that impact our country is crucial for making informed decisions. Mike Haridopolos is dedicated to addressing the most pressing concerns facing our district and our nation. From stopping illegal immigration t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: ISSUES

Public Safety & Crime
  B7  Crime policy, policing and courts  (1 citation(s))
      0.96  "Mike will stand shoulder-to-shoulder key allies to end the weaponization of our justice system. Protecting the Indian River Lagoon Advancing common sense ideas to protect our environment and joining the Congressional Estuary Caucus. Supp…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision

Elections & Voting
  A7  Elections administration and voting access  (2 citation(s))
      0.95  "Protecting Our Elections Mike Haridopolos believes free and fair elections start with ensuring American elections are decided by American citizens. He supports the SAVE America Act and commonsense voter verification measures to protect t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision
      0.95  "For too long, Washington Democrats have fought against commonsense election safeguards. I’m fighting to restore trust in our elections by supporting the SAVE America Act and ensuring proper voter verification measures are in place."
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: PROTECTING OUR ELECTIONS
  B6  Election integrity  (4 citation(s))
      0.98  "Protecting Our Elections Mike Haridopolos believes free and fair elections start with ensuring American elections are decided by American citizens. He supports the SAVE America Act and commonsense voter verification measures to protect t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision
      0.98  "For too long, Washington Democrats have fought against commonsense election safeguards. I’m fighting to restore trust in our elections by supporting the SAVE America Act and ensuring proper voter verification measures are in place."
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: PROTECTING OUR ELECTIONS
      0.97  "​ Protecting the ballot box isn’t partisan — it’s common sense. The American people deserve confidence that their voices will be heard and their votes will be protected. I will continue fighting for election integrity and standing up aga…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: PROTECTING OUR ELECTIONS
      0.94  "In Congress, he focuses his efforts on supporting our space industry, improving the water quality of our Indian River Lagoon, fighting to protect election integrity, banning insider trading in Congress, and expanding access to affordable…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: About Mike Haridopolos
  KYV1  Threats to democratic institutions  (1 citation(s))
      0.85  "​ Protecting the ballot box isn’t partisan — it’s common sense. The American people deserve confidence that their voices will be heard and their votes will be protected. I will continue fighting for election integrity and standing up aga…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/issues  — section: PROTECTING OUR ELECTIONS

Retirement & Benefits
  B4  Social Security and Medicare  (1 citation(s))
      0.95  "Stopping Illegal Immigration Addressing the catastrophic crisis at our southern border and securing our nation’s borders. Fixing Our Economy Making the American economy work for our families once again. Out-of-control inflation, higher t…"
            https://www.mike4congress.com/  — section: Mike's Vision

