
What this site states, by policy area

Economy & Affordability
  A4  Cost of living in Florida  (1 citation(s))
      0.89  "More than 1,000 people move to Florida each day seeking the economic freedom denied by so many other states across the country. Wilton has fought to keep Florida’s businesses open, to use hardworking Floridians’ money wisely and to keep …"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: Economic Freedom
  B1  Economy, inflation, and jobs  (5 citation(s))
      0.97  "“Wilton Simpson understands that the more affordable Florida is for our businesses, the stronger our economy will be for hardworking families. By keeping taxes low, getting rid of job-killing regulations and exercising fiscal responsibil…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: Wilton Simpsons Decade of Fiscal Responsibility
      0.96  "Strengthening Florida’s Unemployment Comp Trust Fund to prevent an immediate $713 million tax increase on employers."
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: As a farmer and a business owner, Wilton knew firsthand the challenges business owners faced and fought for impactful solutions.
      0.89  "Reducing Florida’s Business Rent Tax from 5.5% to 2%."
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: As a farmer and a business owner, Wilton knew firsthand the challenges business owners faced and fought for impactful solutions.
      0.87  "More than 1,000 people move to Florida each day seeking the economic freedom denied by so many other states across the country. Wilton has fought to keep Florida’s businesses open, to use hardworking Floridians’ money wisely and to keep …"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: Economic Freedom
      0.86  "Permanently Eliminated Sales Tax for Machinery and Manufacturing Equipment"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: Tax Relief for Florida’s Families and Businesses

Education
  KYV9  School choice and vouchers  (4 citation(s))
      0.98  "Wilton understands that education isn’t one-size-fits all, and a parent’s income shouldn’t be a barrier to a good school. He stands with Florida parents and will continue to make sure school choice is an option for every family in Florida."
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/education  — section: Historic Expansion of School Choice
      0.97  "“The only way to eliminate generational poverty is through school choice in the K-12 education system. We must allow parents to make choices that best fit their children and their families.” — Wilton Simpson"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/education  — section: Historic Expansion of School Choice
      0.96  "Ensuring access to world class education opportunities for Florida’s students is key to achieving the American Dream. Keeping our schools open, expanding school choice for Florida’s families and offering vocational education opportunitie…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/education  — section: Education
      0.96  "Wilton also fought to allow public school students to use Hope Scholarships to transfer to a private school or to another public school if they feel they face “harassment” in response to their COVID-related decisions. That includes decis…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/free-florida  — section: Parents’ Bill of Rights
  KYV10  Career, vocational and higher education  (2 citation(s))
      0.97  "Wilton worked to rebalance state financial aid programs to cover the cost of tuition and fees for general education requirements. He understands that we must pursue targeted programs that lead to jobs and scholarship programs that give s…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/education  — section: Expanding Vocational Education Opportunities
      0.93  "Ensuring access to world class education opportunities for Florida’s students is key to achieving the American Dream. Keeping our schools open, expanding school choice for Florida’s families and offering vocational education opportunitie…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/education  — section: Education

Housing
  A2  Housing affordability  (2 citation(s))
      0.94  "Expanded the Tax Credit for Affordable Housing"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/economic-freedom  — section: Tax Relief for Florida’s Families and Businesses
      0.94  "“It is crucial that we modernize our documentary stamp distributions to dedicate a steady stream of funding in three key areas of infrastructure – affordable housing, wastewater, and mitigation of sea-level rise.” — Wilton Simpson"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/environment  — section: Established a Statewide Infrastructure Plan

Environment & Water
  KYV3  Growth, development and land conservation  (1 citation(s))
      0.89  "As more and more people leave densely populated areas of the country and relocate to rural areas of our state, residential development encroaches on our rural areas. Friction between these competing land uses can lead to frivolous lawsui…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/agriculture  — section: Wilton worked to protect Florida’s farmers from frivolous lawsuits.
  KYV4  Storm resilience and flood protection  (1 citation(s))
      0.91  "“It is crucial that we modernize our documentary stamp distributions to dedicate a steady stream of funding in three key areas of infrastructure – affordable housing, wastewater, and mitigation of sea-level rise.” — Wilton Simpson"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/environment  — section: Established a Statewide Infrastructure Plan

Immigration
  B3  Immigration and border enforcement  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "Ours is a nation of immigrants and here in Florida the rich impacts of immigrants are found in everything from our economy to our culture. Wilton understands that promoting legal immigration is foundational to who we are as a state, and …"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/public-safety  — section: Responding to the Border Crisis

Public Safety & Crime
  B7  Crime policy, policing and courts  (3 citation(s))
      0.98  "While other states have rushed to defund the police, Wilton fought against similar attempts here in Florida because he knows that safe communities have thriving economies, schools and businesses."
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/public-safety  — section: Wilton has a Record of Supporting Law Enforcement
      0.96  "That’s why Wilton worked to strengthen our state laws to increase penalties for bad actors who turn otherwise peaceful and constitutional protests into violent riots where law enforcement officers are attacked and property destroyed."
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/public-safety  — section: Wilton stood with Governor Ron DeSantis to prevent violence, disorder and looting in Florida.
      0.85  "Our constitutional right to protest has played a critical role in the great history of our democracy. Wilton will defend the right of every Floridian to peacefully protest. However, you can’t assault a police officer. You can’t destroy p…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/public-safety  — section: Wilton stood with Governor Ron DeSantis to prevent violence, disorder and looting in Florida.

Elections & Voting
  A7  Elections administration and voting access  (1 citation(s))
      0.98  "Ensuring Active Duty Military Are Able to Vote While Out-of-State and Overseas. While defending our freedom, no service member should be robbed of their right to cast a ballot in our local, state and federal elections. Wilton voted to en…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/public-safety  — section: Military Protection Act
  B6  Election integrity  (1 citation(s))
      0.87  "Floridians are fed up with ineffective politicians in Washington, corporate media in New York and billionaire liberals in California telling them what to do, how to feel and what to think. Wilton Simpson and Florida Conservatives have fo…"
            https://wiltonsimpson.com/free-florida  — section: Free Florida

